This is the Privacy Policy of AnimeBay. Please read on to learn more about our data handling practices. Your use of AnimeBay signifies that you agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Application.

1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT:-

When you install AnimeBay on your device, we collect the following types of information from you:

• Device Information: We collect information about your device that enables us to verify your identity and troubleshoot grievances.

• AnimeBay may also collect and gather personally identifiable information, such as certain profile information including age, gender, preferences and publicly-available profiles (for example your name, email address, and profile pictures).

• AnimeBay may collect and store information about your and others’ usage of and interaction with the other members, text messages, usage, statistics on page views.

• AnimeBay may collect and gather user contents (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you create in AnimeBay.

By choosing to share that information, you should understand that you may no longer be able to control how that information is used and that it may become publicly available (depending in part on your actions or the actions of others with whom you have shared the information). We are not responsible for any use or misuse of information you share.

Note that currently, AnimeBay does not offer tools that allow you to opt-out of the collection of Personal Information. In future it MAY be available for your convenience.

2. SHARING OF INFORMATION:-

We will not trade, rent or sell your information to Third Parties, under any circumstances.

Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to AnimeBay, such as User Content, becomes available to the public. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others.

Your information may be stored and processed in any country in which AnimeBay maintains facilities. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to transfer information outside of your country. By using AnimeBay, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

In addition, due to the inherent nature of the internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control against loss, misuse or alteration.

3. USAGE OF INFORMATION:-

We use or may disclose your personal information only as follows:

• To deliver to you any administrative notices, alerts and communications relevant to your use of AnimeBay;

• For internal operations, including troubleshooting problems, data analysis, testing, research, improvements to AnimeBay, detecting and protecting against error, fraud or other illegal activity;

• When we have a good faith belief that the law, any legal process, law enforcement, national security or issue of public importance requires disclosure;

• To protect and defend our rights or property;

4. THIRD PARTY LINKS:-

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services in AnimeBay. These third party services have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked applications. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of AnimeBay and welcome any feedback about it.

5. AGE:-

AnimeBay is not directed to children under the age of fifteen (15) and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of fifteen as part of AnimeBay. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of fifteen as part of AnimeBay, we will delete such information from our records.

6. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES:-

We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You may review updates to my Privacy Policy at any time via the official website. We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time, so please review it frequently.

If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or as required by law. You agree to review the Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. If you do not agree with the terms of the Privacy Policy, you should not use AnimeBay.

7. CONTACT INFORMATION:-

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at animebaydev95@gmail.com OR our official Discord Server. Any personally identifiable information provided in connection with inquiries related to this Privacy Policy will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and consistent with our Privacy Policy.
